internalId: GW
color: #20c68f
type: pearl
name: Viridian
map: region=GW, room=C09, mapSlugcat=white

=== transcription: FP-artificer
This is one of my own pearls, or at least part of it.
I have always been very protective of my research, and much of my early work was encrypted before storage. Though my younger self has done a very poor job. I can still read these memories very clearly, but with small gaps.
It's an old methodology for global ascension. I'm sure I argued quite vigorously on its merits at the time, but now I can just see all of the holes in it. Created from a youthful and reticent mentality.
It was not until I met Seven Red Suns, and learned about Sliver of Straw that I began to break out of my shell. Most of my old theories went out the window, and others evolved once I started talking in those anonymous groups.
And then... I made a mistake, and I cannot forgive myself for it. I was desperate... angry...
I wanted a way out. My way out! And that came at the cost of everything... I thought I could do it quicker... it was taking too long, I almost had it!
I did not anticipate she would...
And then, I hurt the one person who I thought understood what I was trying to do...
Please leave with this. I don't want to think about it anymore. Not until I've recovered.
. . .

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
This one... is authored by Five Pebbles, when he was young. There has been an attempt to scramble the data, but it's sloppily done, and most is still somewhat legible.
It's written in an internal language, or thoughts, so it is hard for me to translate for you. It's a methodology for global ascension of course - quite good, although the Peripherists or the Slab Mongers certainly wouldn't agree!
"...considering the eight and the twenty sixth amendments to the Capricious Dogma, we are apparently supposed to take for granted that a meaning collector point inversion is the only way to approach what has later become referred to as 'noise milking' (or occasionally 'rock swatting'). I will argue my disagreement with this, not in regards to kind but in regards to..." Could it say... "volume"? Actually, are you getting anything out of this?
Reading this takes me back to those simpler times of methodological theory making. Probing through the doldrums of subservient research used to be unfulfilling, but lately I've begun to feel a great longing to return to it. Unfortunately, I have more pressing issues at hand that I need to deal with first.

=== transcription: LttM-post-collapse
This one... is authored by Five Pebbles, when he was young. There has been an attempt to scramble the data, but it's sloppily done, and most is still somewhat legible.
It's written in internal language, or thoughts, so it is hard for me to translate so you would understand. It's a methodology for global ascension of course - quite good, although the Peripherists or the Slab Mongers certainly wouldn't agree!
"...considering the eight and the twenty sixth amendments to the Capricious Dogma, we are apparently supposed to take for granted that a meaning collector point inversion is the only way to approach what has later become referred to as 'noise milking' (or occasionally 'rock swatting'). I will argue my disagreement with this, not in regards to kind but in regards to..." Could it say... "volume"? Actually, are you getting anything out of this?
I suppose you found this in his waste department? I would be wary of going there - on his first fit of corruption he dumped a lot of infected material there, and if it has survived it could easily eat a little creature like you. Not that it would be as dangerous as going into Pebbles himself...
Also the pearls in the waste masses inevitably attract scavengers, which can be very dangerous when provoked.
But, you seem to have made it out of there.

=== hint: Enemies
There are a bunch of DLLs/BLLs in the area (the tentacle enemies).

=== hint: Rough Location
In a tall, vertical room at the bottom left.

=== hint: Rough Location
All the way to the right of the Drainage System Gate.
