internalId: LC
color: #267d2a
type: pearl
name: Deep Green
map: region=LC, room=ruin02, mapSlugcat=artificer
tag: downpour

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-sourceDialogue: 103-artificer.txt
You took this from within the city? These are architectural notes from the original construction of my facility.
The notes entail plans for bridges that connect two of my legs to those of my neighbor's, Looks to the Moon. This particular configuration between two iterators is quite unique, and very peculiar. It is a rare occurrence for two iterators to be located this close to each other.
During the time period of these plans, solutions were being drafted to allow for a mass migration of citizens out of Moon's city. With how inhospitable the surface had become, attempting to escort an entire city's populace across the ground over any length of distance would have been disastrous.
These connecting bridges served as a high-altitude evacuation route that could facilitate safe transit from her city to mine.
I can only hope the destruction of the bridges during her collapse has prevented my current unfortunate situation from spreading to her.
These are my mistakes to endure, not hers.

=== transcription: LttM-post-collapse
md-info: ${LC-PEARL-MOON}
md-sourceDialogue: 103.txt
Oh, little creature. Where did you find this? It is quite old, around the time of Five Pebbles' construction.
It's a large collection of architectural notes from his facility, during its initial construction. Most prominently the two transfer bridges between our facilities. These were two large spans that ran between our two closest sets of legs, that I can only presume were both lost in my collapse.
I exist as an old model, and the concept of an iterator was still fairly new at the time of my construction. Knowledge of the technology, and more importantly its limits, had not quite reached maturity.
As a result, certain oversights were made in the long term scalability and sustainability of some of my functions, and after some time my facility could no longer keep up with the supply demands necessitated for the life of my city's inhabitants.
I suppose if it weren't for these oversights, Five Pebbles would likely have never been built. That is a strange thought...
Ah, but nothing comes from dwelling on "what if" scenarios. I must focus on my present situation, such as my fortune of a cute critter like you coming here to bring me these pearls!~

=== hint: Story Mode Moon
This Pearl cannot be brought to Moon as Artificer, as the Shoreline has been replaced by the Waterfront Facility.
The only way to bring the Pearl to Moon is to be spawned into the Metropolis as Monk or Survivor in Expedition Mode and bringing the Pearl to Shoreline.

=== hint: Rough Location
Horizontally roughly at the center of the Metropolis map.
Vertically more towards the bottom.

=== hint: Rough Location
In a room with three layered floors, to the left of the Temple Gate and the long room.

=== hint: Rough Location
To the right of the Scavenger Toll and just above the center point of the Subway.
