color: #ff3c3c
type: pearl
name: Bright Red
map: region=LF, room=D07, mapSlugcat=white

=== transcription: FP-artificer
Oh, this is a small plate of spiritual guidance. From an age long before the Void Fluid revolution.
The text is typical for its era, and details how to shed oneself of the fourth natural urge of life, gluttony.
I cannot imagine you are familiar with the literature, but all living things have an understanding of the five natural urges. Even if that understanding is only a subconscious one.
For example, you are bound by the first urge. Your mind is fixated. Striving towards a single goal. One from which you are unable to turn away from. Because of this, you are trapped, just the same as I am.
While your chains are made of your own natural urges, mine are a duty to my creators. My kind are built unable to ascend, as our minds are not our own. Composed of microbial life, machinery, and electronics.
Of course, that holds true only in theory... it is, arguable that a member of my kind has done so. That perhaps, it is not merely shedding one's natural urges, but to shed the perception of reality itself.
In any case, thank you. I have a fondness for artifacts such as this. They remind me of better times.

=== transcription: LttM-post-collapse
It's a Small Plate, a little text of spiritual guidance. It's written by a monk called Four Cabinets, Eleven Hatchets. It's old, several ages before the Void Fluid revolution.
Like most writing from this time it’s quite shrouded in analogies, but the subject is how to shed one of the five natural urges which tie a creature to life. Namely number four, gluttony.
It is basically an instruction on how to starve yourself on herbal tea and gravel, but disguised as a poem.
Now of course when Void Fluid was discovered these methods proved obsolete, as it was more easy just jumping in a vat of it to effortlessly leave this world behind.
There were some horror stories though... That if your ego was big enough, not even the Void Fluid could entirely cross you out, and a faint echo of your pompousness would grandiosely haunt the premises forever.
So even when the Void Fluid baths became cheaper, some would still starve and drink the bitter tea.

=== hint: A note
This is one of the hardest Pearls to get in terms of gameplay.

=== hint: Items
You will need two Spore Puffs for this.

=== hint: Rough Location
After visiting the Echo room, go further to the left.

=== hint: Room
You will have to cross two Worm Grass sections in separate rooms by using the Spore Puffs to mount Rain Deer.
You will still not be at a shelter then, either backtrack quite a while to the right or use another Spore Puff to go to the left.
