internalId: SL_chimney
color: #ff1bb4
type: pearl
name: Bright Magenta
map: region=SL, room=B04, mapSlugcat=white

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-sourceDialogue: 54-artificer.txt
This is a genome for a purposed organism. Just a menial cleaning slug.
While I do not have this exact sequence on record, the simple structures present, and lack of mechanical interchange glands, mean this blueprint is quite old.
This creature would be much closer to a domesticated animal, compared to the newer and specialized organisms produced with more modern techniques. A being made to live its life inside a metal pipe deep underground has no need for eyes after all.
In the same way, my own body is all around you. Composed of specialized organisms, and machinery. What you see in front of you is only the tiny extremity of a colossal presence. One that your simple mind could not hope to comprehend.

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-sourceDialogue: 54-spear.txt
It is the genome for a purposed organism. A small slug to clean the insides of pipes.
Do you know what a purposed organism is? Actually you are talking to one right now!
Most purposed organisms were considerably smaller than me, and most barely looked like organisms at all. More like tubes in metal boxes, where something went in one end and something else came out the other.
There were of course those that were purposed for spectacle rather than industry - they enjoyed the privilege of glass boxes.
When I came into this world there was very little primal fauna left. You are certainly a purposed organism yourself!
So then, what purpose do you serve, little creature? For many, that's a question that can take a lifetime to find an answer to.

=== transcription: LttM-post-collapse
md-sourceDialogue: 54.txt
It is the genome for a purposed organism. A small slug to clean the insides of pipes.
Do you know what a purposed organism is? Actually you are talking to one right now!
Although, a small fraction of one. Nowadays I am mostly just my puppet. The bulk of me is in these walls but I am disconnected from those parts, to a degree where I am only vaguely aware of how bad their condition is.
Most purposed organisms were considerably smaller than me, and most barely looked like organisms at all. More like tubes in metal boxes, where something went in one end and something else came out the other.
There were of course those that were purposed for spectacle rather than industry - they enjoyed the privilege of glass boxes.
When I came into this world there was very little primal fauna left. So it's highly likely that you are the descendant of a purposed organism yourself!

=== hint: Rough Location
Atop a tall tower within the ocean water.

=== hint: Rough Location
You need to be on the right side of the tower to reach the top.

=== hint: Slugcats
It's easier if you collect this pearl with Rivulet.

=== hint: Traversal
If you're on the left, you might want to grab a Jetfish at the foot of the tower. Go through the tunnel underwater to reach the right side of the tower, and climb upwards.
