type: item
subType: spearmaster

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-type: pearl
md-transcriberName: If Spearmaster has already delivered their message
md-var-DialogueId: First_encounter
md-name: First encounter
Hello there.
Are my words reaching you?
Poor thing. There are no records of your body’s blueprints. Nor is it reasonable to assume your extreme adaptations are possible through… natural means.
You are welcome to stay if you do not interrupt.
I would not mind some company. My neighbor, Five Pebbles, has become dangerous, resulting in significant damage to my structure. I have lost access to all communications devices, and all attempts to directly reach him through our tether have been met with silence after our last conversation.
If he…
If he ddd… d d d
…
If he does not stop soon…
Isn’t it funny, my unfortunate little friend? For everything that I am, my last memories may be of monologuing to a strange animal that has lost its way into my chamber.
There is not much I can do. At least you can make yourself at home.

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-type: pearl
md-transcriberName: If Spearmaster has not delivered their message
md-var-DialogueId: First_encounter
md-name: First encounter
Brave messenger… What are you?
I could read the data contained in your body, but the process could take several cycles. Time I very sadly lack.
I could remove the pearl from you, but the process would be very unpleasant for you. I also do not believe the contents within it are directed to me. If you are indeed a messenger, then I urge you to move on.
There is a… a a a
…
There is another like me near here, his name is Five Pebbles.
Please. Hurry to his structure. I am unable to calm him, and his excessive output is causing irreversible damage to my own structure. I do not know how long I will continue to even stand.
There is an elevated cable linking our installations. Crossing that bridge is safer than attempting to scale Five Pebbles from the ground up.
Hurry little messenger!

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: Second_encounter
md-name: Second encounter
I have nothing for you, poor thing. Please, I don't have long.

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: Following_encounters
md-name: Following encounters
MONO
/ If Looks to the Moon's quest has not been activated:
/  One of the following options is randomly selected:
|   Welcome back little messenger.
|   Thank you for visiting me, but I'm afraid there is nothing here for you.
|   It is nice to see you again little messenger!
/ If Looks to the Moon's quest has been activated:
/  One of the following options is randomly selected:
|   Little messenger, we do not have much time. You must hurry!
|   This is no time for games. Run along now, before it is too late!
|   It is nice to see you again, but the clock is ticking. Make haste!

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: Spearmaster_Pearl
md-name: Commenting on the Spearmaster Pearl
What is this pearl you've brought along with you?
It has strange biological attachments. Was this pearl... from inside of you?
Let me take a look at what's written on it.
...
This is...
I assume you've already shown this to Five Pebbles?
I was not aware of the extent to which these affairs had reached the wider iterator populace. Nor was I aware of the lengths that the others were going in their attempts to get into contact with us.
If only I could...
Brave messenger, do you mind if I rewrite the contents of this pearl? After all, it already served its original purpose.
I will attach a broadcast key to it, signed with my communications serial.
...
To the far west of here, past the silently towering chimney stacks of Five Pebbles' complex, you will find a place of sunbaked lands with beautiful flora that straddle the clouds.
There is a communications array located there. It is the nearest one that may still be functioning.
Its systems should recognize and respond to my signed broadcast key. If you could please stop there on your return trip to Seven Red Suns, I would be very grateful. This is my only hope to get a message out to the local group.
Be careful, messenger.

=== transcription: broadcast
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: Ending_Broadcast
md-name: Ending Broadcast
[LIVE BROADCAST] - [ANNOUNCEMENT] Big Sis Looks to the Moon to Local Group
BSM: This will be my final broadcast to the local group.
BSM: Within several cycles my structure's legs will fail. Even if Five Pebbles were to calm, the damage has already been done.
BSM: I can only hope that someday you will all find the answer to our great question.
BSM: I do not think I will see that day. I want to thank everyone for trying so hard. It means a lot to me that you would all go to such lengths.
BSM: ...
BSM: I can't excuse his actions, but I understand his frustration. We all share that. I only wish we had the chance to speak one last time.
BSM: Thank you, everyone. I am happy to not be alone.
