internalId: MF_Pearl_1
color: #008fff
secondaryColor: #abdaff
type: pearl
name: Moss
map: region=MF, room=H01, mapSlugcat=white

=== transcription: chasing-wind
Where did you get that pearl? Did you rummage through my superstructure to find this?
Oh never mind, it was probably stolen by scavengers. They often come here to find pearls with fresh lattices.
Their raids are sometimes annoying but... who I am to stop the blossoming of a whole civilization?
Anyway, back on the subject.
This is an encrypted discussion between one of my peers and me.
I trust you not to spread the word around, but I have some Sliverist... tendencies.
Our little group believes breaking the taboo of self-destruction is the solution to the Great Problem.
But you see, curious creature, not every iterator has the same view on what happened to our dear Sliver of Straw.
The pearl you brought me is an extract of the log of an anonymous chat. Why hide, you ask?
Well, these discussions should not be spread around carelessly. There are some dangerous ideas here I hope are never put in practice.
But some Sliverists I spoke with are particularly... stubborn. They will do anything to achieve their goal.
Now that I think about it, archiving such conversations was probably a bad idea.
Could you get rid of it for me, please?

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-sourceDialogue: MossFields/MF_Moss-Spear.txt
This is a poorly encrypted conversation log between two iterators from the local group, disguised as a shipment poem and using a now extinct dialect.\nThey are using alias, Erratic Pulse and Halved Forest.
This was initially posted in a private sliverist group, but someone must have archived it.
...
The content is rather troubling.
They are arguing about ways to defy the self-destruction taboo. Some of them are very gruesome.
...
I feel like I shouldn't be reading this. You can keep it.

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-sourceDialogue: MossFields/MF_Moss-Artificer.txt
Interesting. This pearl is not quite what it appears to be.
The first part is a key to decrypt the second, disguised as a banal administrative poem of a pre-iterator period.
But the structure of the pearl reveal it to be much more recent.
I only know of one entity capable of such a comedy.
...
Oh.
This is an old archived conversation between a ... mysterious Erratic Pulse and one of my neighbors, Chasing Wind.
...
I would rather not reveal the subject of this conversation.
Leave me, now.

=== transcription: LttM-post-collapse
md-sourceDialogue: MossFields/MF_Moss.txt
Oh, this pearl is very special! A major portion of it is encrypted, but it also contains sections of plain text.
The language used in it is very different from the ones generally used in the group...
It looks like it's written in the dialect of a pre-iterator settlement; particularly a community secluded on an island that was south-east of my complex.
This is a surprising find. The language was thought to be extinct!\nFor all we're both concerned, this might as well be the last trace of their dialect.
Let me try and translate it for you.
...
Ah. These are the usual thanks and prayers accompanying deliveries from an agricultural site to a residential center.\nIn this case it was an inventory of moss infusions, heading to the island's capital.
These infusions were used as an alternative to herbal tea, for ritualistic starvation.
I don't really understand why you would need to encrypt this kind of data.
Unfortunately, I do not have the computational power to unlock the rest of the pearl content. I'm sorry, little one.
