internalId: TM_Spire
color: #2f1d49
secondaryColor: #603b96
type: pearl
name: Spire
map: region=TM, room=A01, mapSlugcat=white

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-sourceDialogue: TheMast/TM_Spire-Artificer.txt
I see, a log from the local transmission node. The inbound service has been out\nof commission for some time, but this one seems to have slipped through my...
Ah.
I will not be discussing the contents of this pearl. I'd rather not remember such things.

=== transcription: LttM-pre-collapse
md-sourceDialogue: TheMast/TM_Spire-Spear.txt
This pearl contains an automated systems log of a dish on the local transmission spire.\nIt must have been quite a climb to retrieve this, little one!
These spires were constructed as one of the many megaprojects of the void fluid revolution. As with many of these projects, the\nunique capabilities of the substance prompted much excitement and innovation, leading to countless ventures of... varying success.
You see, while the height of the revolution brought about a great many advancements - such as us iterators\n - there were equally as many haphazard constructions, abandoned projects and flawed designs. 
The spire network is one of the more extreme examples of this - it was designed as a universal replacement for\nthe substratospheric communications arrays, but a major flaw in their lensing frameworks means that they are\ntremendously difficult to use for anything except very long-range relay transmissions.
This critical design flaw wasn't even considered until far too late into construction, so the collectives involved in the project just\nsaw it to completion, then proceeded to declare it was always meant to operate as such. And since the existing arrays were perfectly functional already,\nthis new network quickly became a vastly overengineered long-distance relay, as far as most were concerned.
The... rather prestigious self-image of my creators led to most failings being sent to the archives and promptly forgotten,\nbut I recall this one lingering. Some of my city's inhabitants found much amusement in the whole affair.
However, this system has become somewhat of a lifeline in recent times, as more of our standard arrays continue to decay.\nAs challenging as its usage may be, the transmission node network is nothing if not robust, not to mention its protected\nplacement above the rain storms - nowadays, it's nearly essential for communicating outside our local clusters. 
I've been unable to access this particular transmission node for quite some time, due to my... current predicament.\nThis log suggests it's still in working order though, despite some structural alerts about critical water shortages.
I've been seeing far too many of those myself in recent times...

=== transcription: LttM-post-collapse
md-sourceDialogue: TheMast/TM_Spire.txt
This pearl is weathered, and the data it contains appears to be somewhat corrupted. I will try as best I can to decipher it.
...
This message was intended for me. Much of the text is corrupted beyond retrieval, but it seems\nto be a formal authorization or declaration document of some description. I'll read what I can.
"1692.112 - HIGH PRIORITY - Looks to the Moon                                  \n...twenty-sixth assemblage of the utmost Superior Operatives of the Ordinance Collective, of those who seek the uncovering and resolution\nto the matter ... a conflicting development, which we as the Collective deem to be substantially ... groundwater intake poses a high risk\nof structural and/or equipment malfunction, degradation, or otherwise critical failure ... grant priority of action, overriding the ...\nof temporal extraction stasis. The following ..."
The rest is just meaningless strings of glyphs and repeating errors.
It's a full access authorization for Five Pebbles' aquifer extraction pumps.
This kind of order usually needs an immense amount of oversight approvals, which is effectively impossible in recent times. If I were to guess,\nthe approvals and formalities here are probably forged - which is highly illegal, but that clearly didn't stop the sender.
The message appears to have been sent via the primary transmission network. Usually, that network is only used for longer-range broadcasts\nor other exceptions, but this message's trace logs indicate it originated from within the local group.\nWhy it was sent in this way rather than through the standard sub-stratospheric comms array, I couldn't say.
The faults in this pearl's data seem to suggest that the message was forcefully rerouted into this pearl, sending it through various parallel channels\nin the process. This may have been the result of the node suffering from some critical processing error, or it may have been intentional.
Regardless, the message never reached its destination. Until now, I suppose, though it's not like I can use it.
