type: item
subType: artificer

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: First_encounter
md-name: First encounter
. . .
. . . is this reaching you?
I suppose it was only a matter of time before you ended up here.
Your journey throughout my facility grounds has been incessantly brought to my attention by my overseers, thanks to the device that follows you.
It is the citizen ID drone of one of my long departed creators. It seems to have been damaged, and imprinted itself with you on reactivation.
Much of the data on the drone has been corrupted. Allow me to do my duty as an Iterator and resync it to my structure.
. . .
Little ruffian. You are stuck in a cycle, a repeating pattern. I assume you have come here because you want a way out.
However, there is little I can do. A primal urge, one that tears from deep inside your very core, keeps you bound here.
Even with my divine influence, there is nothing that can be done.
However, if you intend to carry that device around and masquerade as one of my citizens, then perhaps you can at least properly perform your responsibility of tending to this superstructure.
From the glimpses I've been shown of your journey so far, it is apparent you have a need to inflict violence against the scavenger population. While I find your way of life appalling, it seems we share a common enemy.
A large pack of them has made a home in my city, and have been causing progressive damage to the roof of my structure in their attempts to gather scrap metal and other mechanical parts.
As my dutiful citizen, I would encourage you to return home to your city and pay them a visit.
Perhaps in that way, we can both depart from this interaction with something we desire.
. . .
But unless you have something interesting to show or to bring to me, it is time for you to leave.

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: Lingering_Too_Long
md-name: Lingering Too Long
Please leave.
This is not a request. I have important work to do.
Unfortunately, my operations are encoded with a restriction that prevents me from carrying out violent actions against my own citizens.
Please do not take advantage of this. I do not have the patience for your continued presence here.
Did you not register what I've said to you?
LEAVE.
I'm returning to my work. Unless you have anything productive for me, I have nothing further to say to you.

=== transcription: FP-artificer
md-type: pearl
md-var-DialogueId: Killing_Chieftain_Scavenger
md-name: Returning after killing the Chieftain Scavenger
 Ah, you've returned. You know that I care very little for the creatures that wander through my facility.
In your current state. I can only assume that you have found what you were looking for.
For your own sake, I hope it was worth your struggle.
Now, please leave. I would prefer to be alone.
